everyone on Twitter wants to know what
do you think of a run Wilson's gunk I
had my say about him well I'd say three
and a half years ago the blood sin the
water and it's funny thing though here's
what kills me Burke goes to my bosses
and says I'm a bad guy because I said
something a vicious I think the words
were about his coach two weeks later he
fires them figure that when I'm folks
all right put up my put up my beautiful
kids and that time last night i'm at the
Marlies and rebels game and look at the
hotdogs here these guys beautiful guys
there they're tio young Nats they will
never play for the Toronto Maple Leafs I
heard your interview with Burke and he
said well we have a tough time here we
have every team has five guys come in
from Ontario now I just like to tell you
but there's more people come from
ontario hockey players come from
material any other place in the world
anybody want to argue with me okay more
than anybody let me just give you
Vancouver I wrote it down had to write
it down like there Vancouver has four
pittsburgh has six from Ontario st.
Louis beautiful team surprised he nine
last year Boston had seven from Ontario
this year they got 94 material which
chicago won at the year before they had
seven guess every team in the national
hockey league has a guy for material
except one guess who it is it's
Ontario's twat of a police now if you
want american college guys if you want
Americans you you got the team it's the
only organization in the world in
Toronto in Canada that cheers would
canada loses and it's an absolute shame
there's 40,000 kids like i showed you in
the t th l you hear that 40
thousand check the guys that are all see
God Skinner good Spezza you go down the
whole list they all come from the GT HL
this guy has none he has all Americans
he has american college guys that played
for him right now and that's the way I
feel right now I can go on and on the
whole deal and it's the best sort and
here's another thing that bugs me we pay
his salary from Ontario we are the fans
out there from Ontario we are the only
ones that would put up to go on for
years in a row with no end and what
finally they say they sing something at
the end and they're all bad I mean it
may not make that none they make the
playoffs three years in a row probably
not far to sit with it and not have one
guy from Ontario that's our crime you
know as I'm concerned cuz I'm out with
them every night and when I see these
kids busting their tails that are they
can I think they won't make trata they'd
love the big trata and that's all I got
to say about that one teasing thing is
Gocha in Montreal said he'd try to get a
francophone coach and then went with a
non francophone coaching at all kinds of
trouble but he's always made the point
you agreed with it might as well have
some French Canadians on the team but
they don't they actually could use some
well whatever you mean Minnesota they
say they try to get as many guys from
Minnesota right it goes everybody in
American do you have to laugh at the
Americans down near the announcer if
they have an American or if they happen
for that city said it I I had my say now
one thing on Brian arab-american you're
good you don't rent bright if Detroit
found Sweden let's just say and they
were able to mine Sweden for a lot of
great players and they got ahead of the
curve there actually cliff fletcher when
he was in now you talk i'm just gonna
tell you something here well tell them
they tried had the Swedes cliff fletcher
had actually college guys when they won
the cup in 89 in calgary come on do with
it has the American angle you could
understand why he made mine is an
American so what what so what that's an
advantage to him he yeah it's a great
advantage wonderful advantage we're not
making the playoffs four years in a row
through some wonderful advantage that's
the way I feel about it hey I say what I
think I'm not footing around like
some guys you know what I mean I don't
say I don't go on its to ask them soft
question I say it like it is if you want
software you were like what well I don't
know I laughter the wood question yes I
didn't listen anymore I'm so I say this
if he wants my job if you want to get me
fired like he tried to do get me fired
go behind my back with my bosses had
tried to get me fired not only that he
went to the governor's instead of two
all right now I don't care you want to
get me off you want to take me on two
years ago you said you were gonna do
something to me in the playoffs remember
that and I said oh bright Bert I'm
shaking in my boots I'm shaking right
now do your best now all right give me
your next question about uh Saskatchewan
let me talk about Saskatchewan here all
right just it ok this guy just forget
the movie that we're good alrighty sorry
and we watch we're 90 seconds we're
getting very old I'll talk about another
thing that bugs me about if you want to
know I kept quiet i was gonna say
Saskatoon and everything like that cuz I
didn't want it leaked my ass no but I
thought I'd go I would be a good guy
i'll talk about Saskatoon and who leaked
it the NHL leaked it out all right the
NHL deleted out and I'm trying to be a
good guy I thought it was going to let
I'll talk about saskatoon next week I'm
a little excited I just say this great
care for you and I have is gonna be
tomorrow well we get a CBC the wrath of
grapes please enjoy an extra from Dawn's
big movie coming up
you said you said that's a girl
so Dave's not coming back to the show
well I guess they're bringing a new guy
who is he what's his name Ron McClane I
can't believe you haven't even met him
and just go live tonight only at the CBC
mm-hmm help him along if you can be nice
hey so you thought it might be nice boys
nice first time on national TV needs got
to get on there with you for guy
should be a good one it's why he says
Brook even stepping on my toes a done
are you done this is Ron McClane will be
phasing run into Dave's position over
the next coming weeks all right real
pleasure to meet you all right now
what's this right here you were a
weatherman taking the Red River
someplace right dear I was started in
radio and then the TV weather and the
sports now I'm here that's why i was
told you do it you work your way up Oh
suppose don't get to start at the top
and I didn't a shot at me is it well you
better be careful kids Jonathan what
does run and obviously jerky so it's
already won it beautiful isn't he great
and Sarah Manning in place rose tomorrow
night at eight and monday night at eight
fantastic all right we lost a beautiful
member of our hockey family Ryan would
sex years old he played for the
Tavistock Titans a pre novice this is a
Ryan and dad and his dad Tim went to a
hockey game last Saturday and on the way
back they were killed in a car accident
they called him the little warrior I'll
tell you why they called him a little
warrior because he fought cancer for
three years and he won I can't imagine
what his mom syren brothers John and
Cody are going through right now but
John at Kody are the head of the family
now you've got to be tough and be brave
god bless Ryan and Tim coach's corner on
CBC